to maximum Mana
increased Physical Damage
to Accuracy Rating
to Physical Damage
to Fire Damage
to Cold Damage
to Lightning Damage
increased Elemental Damage with Attack Skills'
to Level of Socketed Gems
to Level of Socketed Melee Gems
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Life
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Mana
Chaos Damage
of Fire Damage Leeched as Life
of Cold Damage Leeched as Life
of Lightning Damage Leeched as Life
increased Curse Duration
chance to Shock
chance to Ignite
chance to Freeze
chance to cause Bleeding on Hit
reduced Enemy Block Chance
increased Damage over Time
to Dexterity
increased Attack Speed
increased Mana Regeneration Rate
to Fire Resistance
to Cold Resistance
to Lightning Resistance
to Chaos Resistance
increased Stun Duration on Enemies
Life gained for each Enemy hit by Attacks
Life gained on Kill
Mana gained on Kill
increased Critical Strike Chance
to Global Critical Strike Multiplier
reduced Attribute Requirements
increased Light Radius
increased Poison Duration
chance to Poison on Hit
increased Damage with Poison
Life gained for each Enemy hit by your Attacks
reduced Enemy Stun Threshold with this Weapon
to Weapon range
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Added Fire Damage
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Elemental Damage with Attacks
of Physical Damage as Extra Cold Damag
of Physical Damage as Extra Lightning Damage',
Cold Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Dexterity
Lightning Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Intelligence
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Melee Splash
increased Area Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Attacks
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes
chance to Maim on Hit
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Maim
chance to gain Onslaught for 4 seconds on Kill
additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding
Damage Penetrates .% Elemental Resistances
Enemies have 20% reduced Evasion if you have Hit them Recently
increased Critical Strike Chance against Blinded Enemies
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Melee Physical Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Brutality
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ruthless
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ancestral Call
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Multistrike
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Increased Critical Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Poison
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Chance To Bleed
chance to gain Unholy Might for 3 seconds on Kill
chance to Blind Enemies on Hit with Attacks
increased Physical Weapon Damage while Dual Wielding
of Physical Damage Converted to Chaos Damage
chance to gain one of its mods for 10 seconds
Life gained for each Blinded Enemy Hit by this Weapon
Can have multiple Crafted Mods
ilvl
elder
shaper