'to maximum Mana',
'increased Physical Damage',
'to Accuracy Rating',
'increased Physical Damage',
'to Physical Damage',
'to Fire Damage',
'to Cold Damage',
'to Lightning Damage',
'increased Spell Damage',
'increased Elemental Damage with Attack Skills',
'to Level of Socketed Gems',
'to Level of Socketed Fire Gems',
'to Level of Socketed Cold Gems',
'to Level of Socketed Lightning Gems',
'to Level of Socketed Chaos Gems',
'to Level of Socketed Melee Gems',
'of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Life',
'of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Mana',
'to Fire Damage to Spells',
'to Cold Damage to Spells',
'to Lightning Damage to Spells',
'to Chaos Damage',
'of Fire Damage Leeched as Life',
'of Cold Damage Leeched as Life',
'of Lightning Damage Leeched as Life',
'increased Curse Duration',
'chance to Shock',
'chance to Ignite',
'chance to Freeze',
'additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding',
'chance to cause Bleeding on Hit',
'reduced Enemy Block Chance',
'increased Damage over Time',
'to Dexterity',
'to Intelligence',
'increased Attack Speed',
'increased Mana Regeneration Rate',
'to Fire Resistance',
'to Cold Resistance',
'to Lightning Resistance',
'to Chaos Resistance',
'increased Stun Duration on Enemies',
'increased Critical Strike Chance for Spells',
'Life gained for each Enemy hit by Attacks',
'Life gained on Kill',
'Mana gained on Kill',
'increased Critical Strike Chance',
'to Global Critical Strike Multiplier',
'reduced Attribute Requirements',
'increased Light Radius',
'increased Poison Duration',
'chance to Poison on Hit',
'increased Damage with Poison',
'Life gained for each Enemy hit by your Attacks',
'reduced Enemy Stun Threshold with this Weapon',
'to Weapon range',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Added Fire Damage',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Elemental Damage with Attacks',
'of Physical Damage as Extra Cold Damage',
'of Physical Damage as Extra Lightning Damage',
'Cold Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Dexterity',
'Lightning Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Intelligence',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Controlled Destruction',
'increased Cold Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Cold Penetration',
'increased Lightning Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Lightning Penetration',
'of Elemental Damage as Extra Chaos Damage',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Melee Splash',
'increased Area Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Attacks',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes',
'chance to Maim on Hit',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Maim',
'Damage Penetrates',
'increased Cast Speed',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Casting',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Lesser Poison',
'increased Area of Effect',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Spell Cascade',
'to Critical Strike Multiplier against Enemies that are on Full Life',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Melee Physical Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Brutality',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ruthless',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Efficacy',
'Physical Damage to Spells',
'Chaos Damage to Spells',
'increased Spell Damage per 16 Dexterity',
'increased Spell Damage per 16 Intelligence',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ancestral Call',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Multistrike',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Increased Critical Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Chance To Bleed',
'of Physical Damage Converted to Chaos Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Spell Echo',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Poison',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Area of Effect',
'increased Critical Strike Chance against Poisoned Enemies'