increased Physical Damage
to Accuracy Rating
to Physical Damage
to Fire Damage
to Cold Damage
to Lightning Damage
increased Elemental Damage with Attack Skills
to Level of Socketed Gems
to Level of Socketed Melee Gems
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Life
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Mana
to Chaos Damage
additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding
reduced Enemy Block Chance
increased Damage over Time
to Strength
to Dexterity
increased Attack Speed
reduced Enemy Stun Threshold
to Fire Resistance
to Cold Resistance
to Lightning Resistance
to Chaos Resistance
increased Stun Duration on Enemies
Life gained for each Enemy hit by Attacks
Life gained on Kill
Mana gained on Kill
increased Critical Strike Chance
to Global Critical Strike Multiplier
reduced Attribute Requirements
increased Light Radius
increased Bleeding Duration
chance to cause Bleeding on Hit
increased Damage with Bleeding
to Accuracy Rating
Life gained for each Enemy hit by your Attacks
reduced Enemy Stun Threshold with this Weapon
to Weapon range
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Added Fire Damage
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Elemental Damage with Attacks
of Physical Damage as Extra Fire Damage
of Physical Damage as Extra Cold Damage
Fire Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Strength
Cold Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Dexterity
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Melee Splash
increased Area Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Attacks
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes
chance to Maim on Hit
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Maim
chance to gain Onslaught for 4 seconds on Kill
additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding
Damage Penetrates
chance to gain an Endurance Charge on Critical Strike
increased Critical Strike Chance if you have Killed Recently
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Melee Physical Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Brutality
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ruthless
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ancestral Call
increased Area of Effect
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Multistrike	One Hand Axes
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Increased Critical Damage
chance to Poison on Hit
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Poison
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level 20 Chance To Bleed
chance to Blind Enemies on Hit with Attacks
% increased Physical Weapon Damage while Dual Wielding
of Physical Damage Converted to Chaos Damage
Hits with this Weapon have Culling Strike against Bleeding Enemies
increased Physical Damage
chance to gain an Endurance Charge when you Hit a Bleeding Enemy