increased Physical Damage
to Accuracy Rating
to Physical Damage
to Fire Damage
to Cold Damage
to Lightning Damage
increased Elemental Damage with Attack Skills
to Level of Socketed Gems
to Level of Socketed Melee Gems
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Life
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Mana
to Chaos Damage, Adds # to Chaos Damage
additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level . Blood Magic
reduced Enemy Block Chance
increased Damage over Time
to Strength
increased Attack Speed
reduced Enemy Stun Threshold
to Fire Resistance
to Cold Resistance
to Lightning Resistance
to Chaos Resistance
increased Stun Duration on Enemies
Life gained for each Enemy hit by Attacks
Life gained on Kill
Mana gained on Kill
increased Critical Strike Chance
to Global Critical Strike Multiplier
to Accuracy Rating
reduced Attribute Requirements
increased Light Radius
increased Bleeding Duration
chance to cause Bleeding on Hit
increased Damage with Bleeding
to Dexterity
to Accuracy Rating
Life gained for each Enemy hit by your Attacks
reduced Enemy Stun Threshold with this Weapon
to Weapon range
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Added Fire Damage
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Elemental Damage with Attacks
of Physical Damage as Extra Fire Damage
Fire Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Strength
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Melee Splash
increased Area Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Attacks
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Maim
additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding
Damage Penetrates
Enemies killed explode dealing 5% of their Life as Fire Damage
chance to gain Fortify when you Stun an Enemy with Melee Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Melee Physical Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Brutality
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ruthless
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ancestral Call
increased Area of Effect
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Multistrike	One Hand Maces
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Increased Critical Damage
chance to Poison on Hit
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Poison
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Chance To Bleed
increased Physical Weapon Damage while Dual Wielding
of Physical Damage Converted to Chaos Damage
3% increased Area of Effect per 50 Strength	One Hand Maces
increased Area of Effect if you have Stunned an Enemy Recently