'increased Physical Damage',
'to Accuracy Rating',
'to Physical Damage',
'to Fire Damage',
'to Cold Damage',
'to Lightning Damage',
'increased Elemental Damage with Attack Skills',
'to Level of Socketed Gems',
'to Level of Socketed Melee Gems',
'of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Life',
'of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Mana',
'to Chaos Damage',
'additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding',
'chance to cause Bleeding on Hit',
'reduced Enemy Block Chance',
'increased Damage over Time',
'to Dexterity',
'increased Attack Speed',
'reduced Enemy Stun Threshold',
'to Fire Resistance',
'to Cold Resistance',
'to Lightning Resistance',
'to Chaos Resistance',
'increased Stun Duration on Enemies',
'Life gained for each Enemy hit by Attacks',
'Life gained on Kill',
'Mana gained on Kill',
'increased Critical Strike Chance',
'to Global Critical Strike Multiplier',
'to Accuracy Rating',
'reduced Attribute Requirements',
'increased Light Radius',
'increased Poison Duration',
'increased Bleeding Duration',
'chance to cause Bleeding on Hit',
'chance to Poison on Hit',
'increased Damage with Poison',
'increased Damage with Bleeding',
'Life gained for each Enemy hit by your Attacks',
'reduced Enemy Stun Threshold with this Weapon',
'to Weapon range',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Added Fire Damage',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Elemental Damage with Attacks',
'of Physical Damage as Extra Fire Damage',
'of Physical Damage as Extra Cold Damage',
'Fire Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Strength',
'Cold Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Dexterity',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Melee Splash',
'increased Area Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Attacks',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes',
'20% chance to Maim on Hit',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level 20 Maim',
'chance to gain Onslaught for 4 seconds on Kill',
'additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding',
'Damage Penetrates',
'increased Accuracy Rating per Frenzy Charge',
'chance to gain a Frenzy Charge when you Block',
'Socketed Movement Skills have no Mana Cost',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Melee Physical Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Brutality',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ruthless',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ancestral Call',
'increased Area of Effect',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Multistrike',
'Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Increased Critical Damage',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Poison',
'Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Chance To Bleed',
'chance to Blind Enemies on Hit with Attacks',
'increased Physical Weapon Damage while Dual Wielding',
'Physical Damage Converted to Chaos Damage',
'additional Block Chance per Endurance Charge',
'chance to gain an Endurance Charge when you Block',
'Gain an Endurance Charge every 4 seconds while Stationary'