to maximum Mana
increased Physical Damage
to Accuracy Rating
to Physical Damage
to Fire Damage
to Cold Damage
to Lightning Damage
increased Spell Damage
increased Fire Damage
increased Cold Damage
increased Lightning Damage
increased Elemental Damage with Attack Skills
to Level of Socketed Gems
to Level of Socketed Fire Gems
to Level of Socketed Cold Gems
to Level of Socketed Lightning Gems
to Level of Socketed Melee Gems
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Life
of Physical Attack Damage Leeched as Mana
to Fire Damage to Spells
to Cold Damage to Spells
to Lightning Damage to Spells
to Chaos Damage
of Fire Damage Leeched as Life
of Cold Damage Leeched as Life
of Lightning Damage Leeched as Life
increased Curse Duration
chance to Shock
chance to Ignite
chance to Freeze
additional Block Chance while Dual Wielding
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level . Blood Magic
reduced Enemy Block Chance
increased Damage over Time
to Strength
to Intelligence
increased Cast Speed
increased Attack Speed
increased Mana Regeneration Rate
reduced Enemy Stun Threshold
to Fire Resistance
to Cold Resistance
to Lightning Resistance
to Chaos Resistance
increased Stun Duration on Enemies
increased Critical Strike Chance for Spells
Life gained for each Enemy hit by Attacks
increased Fire Damage
increased Cold Damage
increased Lightning Damage
Life gained on Kill
Mana gained on Kill
increased Critical Strike Chance
to Global Critical Strike Multiplier
reduced Attribute Requirements
increased Light Radius
chance to Ignite
chance to Freeze
chance to Shock
increased Burning Damage
Life gained for each Enemy hit by your Attacks
reduced Enemy Stun Threshold with this Weapon
to Weapon range
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Added Fire Damage
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Elemental Damage with Attacks
of Physical Damage as Extra Fire Damage
of Physical Damage as Extra Lightning Damage
Fire Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Strength
Lightning Damage to Attacks with this Weapon per 10 Intelligence
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Controlled Destruction
increased Elemental Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Elemental Focus
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Lightning Penetration
of Elemental Damage as Extra Chaos Damage
Socketed Gems are supported by Level 20 Melee Splash
(33–37)% increased Area Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Attacks
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes
Damage Penetrates
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Faster Casting
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Critical Strikes
chance to Freeze, Shock and Ignite
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Elemental Proliferation	Sceptres
increased Area of Effect
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Spell Cascade
of Physical Damage as Extra Damage of a random Element	Sceptres
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Melee Physical Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Brutality
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ruthless
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Efficacy
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Fire Penetration
Physical Damage to Spells
Chaos Damage to Spells
1% increased Spell Damage per 16 Strength
1% increased Spell Damage per 16 Intelligence
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Ancestral Call
Socketed Gems are supported by Level .. Multistrike	Sceptres
Socketed Gems are supported by Level 20 Increased Critical Damage
of Physical Damage Converted to Chaos Damage
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Spell Echo
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Unbound Ailments
Socketed Gems are Supported by Level .. Increased Area of Effect
